CONTRIBUTING.rst, before:

============
Contributing
============

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every
little bit helps, and credit will always be given.

Bug reports
===========

When `reporting a bug <https://github.com/21cmFAST/21CMMC/issues>`_ please include:

    * Your operating system name and version.
    * Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting.
    * Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

Documentation improvements
==========================

`21CMMC` could always use more documentation, whether as part of the
official py21cmmc docs, in docstrings, or even on the web in blog posts,
articles, and such.

Feature requests and feedback
=============================

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at https://github.com/21cmFAST/21CMMC/issues.

If you are proposing a feature:

* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.
* Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that code contributions are welcome :)

Development
===========

There are two avenues for you to develop `21CMMC`. If you plan on making significant
changes, and working with `21CMMC` for a long period of time, please consider
becoming a member of the 21cmFAST GitHub organisation (by emailing any of the owners
or admins). You may develop as a member or as a non-member.

The difference between members and non-members only applies to the first two steps
of the development process.

Note that it is highly recommended to work in an isolated python environment with
all requirements installed from ``requirements_dev.txt``. This will also ensure that
pre-commit hooks will run that enforce the ``black`` coding style. If you do not
install these requirements, you must manually run black before committing your changes,
otherwise your changes will likely fail continuous integration.

As a member:

1. Clone the repo::

    git clone git@github.com:21cmFAST/21CMMC.git

As a non-member:

1. First fork `21cmFAST <https://github.com/21cmFAST/21CMMC>`_
   (look for the "Fork" button), then clone the fork locally::

    git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/21CMMC.git

The following steps are the same for both members and non-members:

2. Create a branch for local development::

    git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

   Now you can make your changes locally. **Note: you _must_ do this step. If you
   make changes on master, you will _not_ be able to push them, as a member**.

3. When you're done making changes, run all the checks, doc builder and spell checker
   with `tox <http://tox.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html>`_ one command::

    tox

4. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub::

    git add .
    git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
    git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

5. Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

Pull Request Guidelines
-----------------------

If you need some code review or feedback while you're developing the code just make the pull request.

For merging, you should:

1. Include passing tests (run ``tox``) [1]_.
2. Update documentation when there's new API, functionality etc.
3. Add a note to ``CHANGELOG.rst`` about the changes.
4. Add yourself to ``AUTHORS.rst``.

.. [1] If you don't have all the necessary python versions available locally you can
       rely on Travis - it will
       `run the tests <https://travis-ci.org/BradGreig/21CMMC/pull_requests>`_ for each
       change you add in the pull request.

       It will be slower though ...

Tips
----

To run a subset of tests::

    tox -e envname -- py.test -k test_myfeature

To run all the test environments in *parallel* (you need to ``pip install detox``)::

    detox

Commit message:

Remove docs requirements from dev

CONTRIBUTING.rst, after:

============
Contributing
============

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every
little bit helps, and credit will always be given.

Bug reports
===========

When `reporting a bug <https://github.com/21cmFAST/21CMMC/issues>`_ please include:

    * Your operating system name and version.
    * Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting.
    * Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

Documentation improvements
==========================

`21CMMC` could always use more documentation, whether as part of the
official py21cmmc docs, in docstrings, or even on the web in blog posts,
articles, and such.

Feature requests and feedback
=============================

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at https://github.com/21cmFAST/21CMMC/issues.

If you are proposing a feature:

* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.
* Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that code contributions are welcome :)

Development
===========

There are two avenues for you to develop `21CMMC`. If you plan on making significant
changes, and working with `21CMMC` for a long period of time, please consider
becoming a member of the 21cmFAST GitHub organisation (by emailing any of the owners
or admins). You may develop as a member or as a non-member.

The difference between members and non-members only applies to the first two steps
of the development process.

Note that it is highly recommended to work in an isolated python environment with
all requirements installed from ``requirements_dev.txt``. This will also ensure that
pre-commit hooks will run that enforce the ``black`` coding style. If you do not
install these requirements, you must manually run black before committing your changes,
otherwise your changes will likely fail continuous integration.

To install dependencies to create documentation, you will also need to install
requirements in ``docs/requirements.txt``.

As a member:

1. Clone the repo::

    git clone git@github.com:21cmFAST/21CMMC.git

As a non-member:

1. First fork `21cmFAST <https://github.com/21cmFAST/21CMMC>`_
   (look for the "Fork" button), then clone the fork locally::

    git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/21CMMC.git

The following steps are the same for both members and non-members:

2. Create a branch for local development::

    git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

   Now you can make your changes locally. **Note: you _must_ do this step. If you
   make changes on master, you will _not_ be able to push them, as a member**.

3. When you're done making changes, run all the checks, doc builder and spell checker
   with `tox <http://tox.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html>`_ one command::

    tox

4. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub::

    git add .
    git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
    git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

5. Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

Pull Request Guidelines
-----------------------

If you need some code review or feedback while you're developing the code just make the pull request.

For merging, you should:

1. Include passing tests (run ``tox``) [1]_.
2. Update documentation when there's new API, functionality etc.
3. Add a note to ``CHANGELOG.rst`` about the changes.
4. Add yourself to ``AUTHORS.rst``.

.. [1] If you don't have all the necessary python versions available locally you can
       rely on Travis - it will
       `run the tests <https://travis-ci.org/BradGreig/21CMMC/pull_requests>`_ for each
       change you add in the pull request.

       It will be slower though ...

Tips
----

To run a subset of tests::

    tox -e envname -- py.test -k test_myfeature

To run all the test environments in *parallel* (you need to ``pip install detox``)::

    detox
